The CADD raw value measures whether the variant is likely to be observed or simulated. A higher score indicates a higher chance of being simulated. A positive score indicates the variant is likely simulated, while a negative score indicates the variant is likely observed.
The CADD 'PHRED-scaled' value measures the relative deleteriousness of the variant by ranking the scores of all possible substitutions (8.6x10^9) of the human genome. A score of c indicates that the variant is in the top ((10^-(c/10))x100)% most deleterious substitutions (so a variant with c = 10 is in the top 10%).
The SIFT value is the estimated normalized probability that the amino acid change associated with the variant substitution (if it exists) is tolerated. A smaller score indicates greater deleteriousness.
The PolyPhen-2 value measures the possible impact of an amino acid substitution associated with the variant substitution (if it exists) on the structure and function of a human protein. A higher score indicates greater functional significance.    
The primate PhyloP value measures evolutionary conservation at an alignment site. A higher score indicates the region around the variant is more conserved. A positive score indicates the associated region undergoes slower evolution than expected, while a negative score indicates the associated region undergoes accelerated evolution. 
The mammal PhyloP value measures evolutionary conservation at an alignment site. A higher score indicates the region around the variant is more conserved. A positive score indicates the associated region undergoes slower evolution than expected, while a negative score indicates the associated region undergoes accelerated evolution.
The vertebrate PhyloP value measures evolutionary conservation at an alignment site. A higher score indicates the region around the variant is more conserved. A positive score indicates the associated region undergoes slower evolution than expected, while a negative score indicates the associated region undergoes accelerated evolution.
The GerpN value is the estimated neutral substitution rate at the variant position. A higher score indicates greater conservation.
The GerpS value is the estimated rejected substitution rate at the variant position. A positive score indicates a deficit in substitutions.
The B statistic measures the background selection at the variant position. A smaller value indicates a larger impact of background selection on the variant.
The LINSIGHT value is the estimated probability that the variant site is under selection. A higher value indicates greater functional significance. 
The Funseq2 value measures the deleteriousness of the variant. 
The Aloft value measures the loss of function associated with the variant.
The CpG value is the percent CpG in a 75 bp window centered on the variant position.
The GC value is the percent GC in a 75 bp window centered on the variant position.
The Fathmm-XF value is the estimated probability that a particular SNV is pathogenic (a Platt-scaled score of a classifier). A higher score indicates more functionality. 
